
Tags: [[instantaneoughts]] [[mindless]] [[Journal]]
### Status:
after eating (just fulfilling my hunger with "same ass food" xDD)
### Thoughts:
about half an hour ago, I craved for the instant pleasure of eating the pork burger in mcdonalds
but eventually i did not do it, because

1. It demotivates me. 

- High dopamine food is likely to demotivate me from doing less exciting stuff and challenging like solving CTF challenges, which is exactly what I planned to do after meal. I found myself always feeling very lazy, sleepy and always proceed to binge other entertainments (e.g. video games, youtube, twitch, etc.) to slack after consuming these food, which is highly disruptive to my true passions and goals that typically slower and longer process has to be went through before feeling rewarded. 
2. It is generally harmful to my body. 
- For example, the health of my stomach, intestine etc. It always doesn't feel good to poop after eating them. I can tell when I tried out solely vegan food + home-made food by mother for a day that they made my poop became so fucking healthy and the process went super smooth! It does not do anything good to my digestive system and potentially harmful to mental health. 
3. It is inflammatory and stress-inducing. 
- Highly processed and oiled food causes inflammatory and thus stress response of human body, form research of some holistic MDs. Therefore, it is harmful to my recovery from OCD. Since stress is the root cause of obsessive and intrusive thoughts.
4. It is pointless and does not match my identity at all. 

- I identity these food as cheap instant pleasures and thus purely drugs, which I have always been wanting to avoid. Because as I have already found my [passion and goals](passion.md). Therefore, it became so depressing if my life **depends** on these pleasures. Of course I can still enjoy these pleasures if I manage to not get addicted, with my pleasures solely rely on them, which is not that likely for now since I often craves for these things very badly. Therefore, I am aiming to have my source of happiness should be more meaningful and less harmful
- happiness of contributing
- happiness of creating things
- happiness of breaking down things 
- happiness of learning and curiosity fulfilling 
- happiness of simply feeling great, lol 
- happiness of feeling connected with the others (you might also suffer from relationships, but as long as you are able to not give a fuck and move on and try out new ones, it's great)
- happiness of doing anyhting that match my competitive identity ---> levelling up myself from learning, building up knowledge, solving problems, winning competitions, dominating the others and achieving things in general.
- happiness from skill developing small achievements. (just now I practiced guitar for about an hour and at the end I practiced on simply jumping on second string. And I tried quite many times, and it simply feels great to be able to jump comfortably and confidently at the end, it feels super great seeing instant small improvements and the great sound of guitar! Holy shit when I look back right, what the heck have I been doing in past few months (since the middle of spring semester of my frustration, debuffed and stupid grind on ddp...xD. When i look back now it just seems funny to me Xd i am laughing typing this. I am sayign this because I know exactly how depressed, discouraged I was with my obsession with ddp and after my failure. I fully identified myself as a outgoing ddp CS guy for months with my greed so the failure felt like the world collapsing lol)) 
