
Tags: [[instantaneoughts]] [[mindless]] [[Journal]]
### Status:
After dinner, about to go out and have a walk with music :3
### Thoughts:
To fulfill my plan, an actual plan made with counselor Sammy on balancing video games and academics, I was about to play about 30 minutes of Overwatch before going for a walk. 

The decision to play Overwatch was made because I do not want to play before sleep time since it might tenses me up and made me typed and thus disrupt sleep. 

Before I started the game, I was reading quote's first lecture, and before dinner I was reading some Wikipedia pages on Bitwise operations and bit shifting, just some random knowledge that I am not sure whether they would be useful, most probably not for the coming competition. I felt incredibly calm reading them and it felt great reading and knowing more stuff, it just felt great to be knowing more and I want capture all of them by writing notes and capturing them fully with brain by flashcards. 

And more importantly, I can't wait to make use of those knowledge, especially quote's assembly class, to solve some CTF challenges because I just know it would feel fucking awesome to solve some challenges. 

So while shooting some bots in Practice Range of Overwatch, I said to myself, why the hell am I playing Overwatch right now???!!!!! Why am I doing video games, which was intended to be relieving my stress and creating a "balance", when I am already so excited and rewarded with CTFs? Why am I doing something that is likely to make me go into addiction, demotivated and hurt my fingers (since my fingers are not healthy and I am also playing guitar) when I have something much better to do, and most importantly something I genuinely want to do, then I closed the game. Now I am here writing this because I feel like it's some relatively important thoughts but not just those random ass daily dumb thoughts I always have. Ok never mind, I am going out and about to enjoy some music while walking! Excited!

Oh one more random thoughts I think it is kind of motivation, thought-poking and with good mindset

_mindlessly opened discord and saw discord icon_ thoughts ----> "hmm ych thought 9A was hard, perhaps he also spent many days to solve and learnt from the challenge before solving it on 3/12/2024. Actually I do not care about what he does, I care about myself, I care whether I can learn and solve challenges but not ych! For those people like ych and dku, I admire them, I truly admire them. And I used to be jealous of them for being able to start and catch up everything since Sep, and I used to regret for not starting with them and losing my chance to learn, compete and bond with them! But for now, I do not care, I would just focus on my current progress, enjoy learning and solving challenges at this moment!"